big thanks to Skillshare for sponsoring
this video I call myself a backseat
gamer because I prefer letting my
boyfriend do the driving while I yell
directions at him go that way
oh did I lose I've practically had it
you can give it another shot the
downside is that the stories I want to
experience often get interrupted by
resource-management sullied with
diuretic combat systems your guys oh
that's for my bicycle or totally
abandoned for side quests here your
frying pan when developers strive for
maximum gamification it can keep gamers
more engaged but every time they pause
to fondle their balls inside a menu
screen I'm like however when developers
strive for maximum storytelling it keeps
even non-gamers engaged well better than
nothing which is why the first time I
walked in on my boyfriend playing a
naughty dog title it looked like this
everyone I have cared for has either
died or left me you have no idea what
loss is I'm sorry about your daughter
Joel but I have lost people too everyone
except for you you're right you're not
my daughter
and I sure as hell ain't your dad and
with uncharted 4 Naughty Dog has
elevated cinematic game design to a
lofty new peak that I declare the
pinnacle of back seeking
allow me to explain uncharted 4 feels
like watching a really fun movie and not
just because 25% of it is literally a
movie although it needs to be said that
the talent on display from its writers
actors and artists make this just as
spectacular as big budget blockbusters
in fact it's better than most of the
baloney Hollywood slaps on the big
screen but a lot of modern video games
post well-performed characters in well
shot cutscenes what separates uncharted
4 is that when the cutscenes end it
continues to feel like watching a really
fun movie the gameplay and narrative are
woven together through a narrow rapidly
moving adventure which forces players to
go with the flow by sweeping them off
their feet this kind of linear thrill
ride has become surprisingly rare in an
industry overrun with open-world
activities so the straight path is now
the road less traveled and sticking to
it is one of Naughty Dog's great
distinctions but it's how they do it
that make them the best in the biz at
blending a film into a game typically
every scene in a good film moves the
plot forward helps us understand the
characters or just straight-up
entertains and that is a rare gift yet
that philosophy is applied meticulously
to every single aspect of Uncharted
there's scarcely a moment even during
gameplay that doesn't move the plot
forward
long story short version is get us the
hell out of here help us understand the
characters you worked at a macho nacho
it was a high school job
you wear one of those hats for weeks or
just straight up enter team
it was part of it it was part of it
naughty dog fur goes any mechanics that
might disrupt the rhythm and practically
forbid their film from being paused by
giving the player no reason to pause it
other than snapping a photo of how cool
it looks instead of keeping things
exciting with skill points upgrades
shopping customization crafting or
optional missions they keep things
exciting with scenarios sneaking out at
night escaping from prison scuba diving
for plunder crash bandicoot pulling off
a heist raiding a tomb mudding in a jeep
petting a lemur scaling a clock tower
skiing behind a truck solving a pirate's
puzzle committing murder with your wife
and sword fighting Jake Gyllenhaal are
just a few of the action set-pieces in
which the gamer controls the action star
you watch this ready ready for this
mm-hmm Nathan Drake is a swashbuckling
globe-trotting treasure hunt and
scoundrel the type of homicidal hero
who's easy to forgive thanks to his
rugged charm and debonair funny bone
whether it's a high-stakes shootout
high-flying stunt or high speed chase
the cast colors it with dialogue that a
sold-out theater would applaud for on
opening night you're the shrink
you're a free man
what's most transported and impressive
about all of that though is the tour de
force of visual effects virtually each
and every second of uncharted 4 is
animated with such comprehensively
scrupulous detail that it could only
have been made by a team of focus
commitment and sheer f---ing will but
now after quite a bit of controversy I
know you wish things were different
quite a bit of drama so they just get to
get away with this
the next major event in backseat gaming
is a long month away I've been waiting
for this thing to come out for months
and now every day time is slowing down
it's like waiting for Christmas
times it does it I know today's video
was a little different but it's not
every day that a channel about backseat
gaming gets to review the best backseat
game ever made and I hope that maybe
it's a reminder of the good old days
when everyone was still excited for the
Last of Us part 2 so while you wait why
not learn something new from Skillshare
Skillshare is an online learning
community for creatives where millions
come together to take the next step in
their creative journey listen nothing
gets your big brain going like a room
that just feels good to be in make sure
you're feeling your best when you're
home with Lauren Cox's class interior
design basics simple steps to your
perfect space the great thing about
Skillshare is that you can take classes
that fit your schedule and there are so
many to choose from with real projects
and support from fellow creatives an
annual subscription is less than ten
bucks a month but if you're in the first
500 of our subscribers to click the link
in the description you'll get a two
month free trial of a premium membership
so you can take the first step to
accomplishing your goals and exploring
your creativity so take the next step in
your creative journey and click that
link in the description for your free
trial